mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered-plus
stylesheet_version: 2020-09-04
set_info:
	title: Dazon: Cosmic Outcasts
	description:
		Archetypes:
		wu = Energy control
		ub = Card draw
		br = Direct damage aggro
		rg = auras
		gw = Enchantment Midrange
		wb = Enchantment sac/looping/extra value with uncover
		ur = Energy spellslinger
		bg = Uncover graveyard stuff
		rw = Tokens (functions)
		gu = mv 5+
		
		splinters:
		yuku = glass 1
		naroz = water 2
		kala = fire 3
		ikan = tech 4
		voro = forest 5
		gatu = space 6
		beya = light 7
		kara = dark 8
		sava = war 9
		baru = peace 10
		laba = land of the aribter
	set_code: DCO
	symbol: symbol2.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
	automatic_reminder_text: old, expert, pseudo, action, custom, lower case
	use_gradient_multicolor: yes
	card_number_style: 0001
	default_stamp: standard
	auto_nyx: yes
	auto_star: no
	alternate_nyx: star
styling:
	magic-m15:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered:
		chop_bottom: 
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered-plus:
		chop_bottom: 
		use_holofoil_stamps: yes
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
	magic-m15-clearartifact:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-commander:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-extra:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small-extra-m15.mse-symbol-font
		pt_box_symbols: magic-pt-symbols-extra.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-godzilla:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-jinx:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		other_options: use hovering pt, unindent nonloyalty abilities, automate type frames, auto nyx crowns
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		frames: M20, nyx
		auto_frames: nyx
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-nameonright:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-paradox:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-saga:
		other_options: class
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-snow:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-spellbook:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-unstable-basics:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-new:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-new-purple:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-planeshifted:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-scifi:
		frames: legend
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-starwars:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-sync:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-windy-ultima:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
include_file: card in search of eternity
include_file: card the arbiters watcher
include_file: card icedroid
include_file: card lost ghast
include_file: card the arbiters warden
include_file: card twisting nebulas
include_file: card last light of naroz
include_file: card stack popper
include_file: card ghost of fallen angels
include_file: card recursive pyromage
include_file: card chosen of the grand oracles
include_file: card buffer underflow
include_file: card package manager
include_file: card stack overflow
include_file: card circular import
include_file: card unexpected token
include_file: card drorix cosmic outcast
include_file: card luminescent golem
include_file: card human
include_file: card the final frontier
include_file: card cavesplitter
include_file: card savas last eclipse
include_file: card cosmically centered
include_file: card otherworldly wayfarer
include_file: card the arbiters raider
include_file: card past left behind
include_file: card arane oracle
include_file: card stack pusher
include_file: card containment dome
include_file: card ocean watcher
include_file: card shock
include_file: card fungal raze
include_file: card traversing the paths
include_file: card tune the narrative
include_file: card touch the hallowed grounds
include_file: card boatman of kala
include_file: card depths giant
include_file: card eldo abyssal city
include_file: card night rummager
include_file: card karan assassin
include_file: card the arbiters informer
include_file: card the arbiters protector
include_file: card guardian of laba
include_file: card summoner of true light
include_file: card cosmic watcher
include_file: card corruption from beyond
include_file: card hellfire wyrm
include_file: card preserver of voro
include_file: card tree of celestial light
include_file: card memory leak
include_file: card demon of dark loss
include_file: card the arbiters marauder
include_file: card harmony of voro
include_file: card mindless control
include_file: card sky of beya
include_file: card look accross the lake
include_file: card careless whims
include_file: card titan of sunrise
include_file: card destiny diviner
include_file: card moonlight spellbinder
include_file: card the arbiters whisperer
include_file: card scorcher
include_file: card dutiful companion
include_file: card griffin of serenity
include_file: card unchained karan
include_file: card kala eradicator
include_file: card yuku mystic
include_file: card warp gateway
include_file: card denial of service
include_file: card rite of the grand oracles
include_file: card marring flames
include_file: card byte down
include_file: card sunrise lookout
include_file: card intellect from beyond
include_file: card behemoth beckoner
include_file: card savan veteran
include_file: card sentinel of sanctuaries
include_file: card shindu gleaming city
include_file: card zidan shadowy city
include_file: card kama shattered city
include_file: card toshin verdant city
include_file: card collected entrancing
include_file: card power off
include_file: card crystalized dread
include_file: card pillar of fury
include_file: card firmness of toshin
include_file: card counterfeit tranquility
include_file: card final arrival
include_file: card door to eternity
include_file: card rage of sava
include_file: card moonrise
include_file: card shadowmare
include_file: card heartless executor
include_file: card kernel infiltration
include_file: card fragments of times past
include_file: card warmth of a thousand souls
include_file: card overgrowth of voro
include_file: card the arbiters sight
include_file: card naroz sentinel
include_file: card vicious fiend
include_file: card artificial ferocity
include_file: card dreary voyager
include_file: card leviathan caller
include_file: card malignant hexer
include_file: card herald of sparks
include_file: card phantom stag
include_file: card undefined reference
include_file: card list indexer
include_file: card abyssal callback
include_file: card race against omnipotence
include_file: card the arbiters strength
include_file: card adrift surveyor
include_file: card wistful observer
include_file: card cache recovery
include_file: card vulpine sage
include_file: card deepgrowth drake
include_file: card the arbiters elite
include_file: card ghastly wanderer
include_file: card fallen of kara
include_file: card splintering fire
include_file: card lost to the storm
include_file: card paths of stolen life
include_file: card herald of naroz
include_file: card nausea from beyond
include_file: card gazing rage
include_file: card champion of drakol
include_file: card the arbiter
include_file: card peaceful charmer
include_file: card twilight revelation
include_file: card drakoli piracy
include_file: card wisps of flaming brilliance
include_file: card goliath assailant
include_file: card doomteller adept
include_file: card cultist of cold fate
include_file: card harbinger of demise
include_file: card demon of ruinous fire
include_file: card illuminating augur
include_file: card dread from beyond
include_file: card celestial encroachment
include_file: card all the darkest hopes
include_file: card free rider
include_file: card inquiry from beyond
include_file: card uncover
include_file: card cosmic immenseness
include_file: card celestial darkness
include_file: card lively pup
include_file: card spidroid
include_file: card sunset dreamer
include_file: card ghastly hunter
include_file: card leviathan tides
include_file: card writhing mound
include_file: card blood of moonlight
include_file: card deepgrowth explorer
include_file: card lost curiosity
include_file: card energy displacer
include_file: card the arbiters reaper
include_file: card burning quazar
include_file: card monk of deafening peace
include_file: card merge conflict
include_file: card the arbiters wavebringer
include_file: card eternity from beyond
include_file: card kalan explorer
include_file: card deepgrowth expansion
include_file: card magitel flaming brilliance
include_file: card cira lost in the stars
include_file: card talza the defeated
include_file: card jhakan failed lich
include_file: card nashar starry turtle
include_file: card designed emptiness
include_file: card naroz icebreaker
include_file: card into eternity
include_file: card firespace forge
include_file: card aurora growth
include_file: card illuminating vortex
include_file: card cold truths
include_file: card dark dragonfire
include_file: card lightning radiator
include_file: card energization function
include_file: card reset function
include_file: card intellect function
include_file: card amplify function
include_file: card healing function
include_file: card duty function
include_file: card flash function
include_file: card relinquish function
include_file: card growth function
include_file: card replenish function
include_file: card execution function
include_file: card sunset function
include_file: card charm function
include_file: card flame function
include_file: card dread function
include_file: card wave function
include_file: card chromatic starlight
include_file: card emptylands rover
include_file: card darkwave container
include_file: card the arbiters retriever
include_file: card spacelight
include_file: card energizer
include_file: card swarm engine
include_file: card shorian herald of the beyond
include_file: card charged tundra
include_file: card aether hub
include_file: card occult swamplands
include_file: card fiery darklands
include_file: card warped highlands
include_file: card remote sanctuary
include_file: card darkening cloudscape
include_file: card twisting cove
include_file: card overgrown gate
include_file: card arid desolation
include_file: card vibrant aurora
include_file: card peace in twilight
include_file: card warlock of venomous fire
include_file: card unbound soul
include_file: card the arbiters harmonizer
include_file: card beyan tormentor
include_file: card necromancer of the depths
include_file: card lantern bearer
include_file: card risen thicket
include_file: card night of stopped water
include_file: card sunset dancer
include_file: card endless wreckage
include_file: card knight of beya
include_file: card watchful gaze
include_file: card endless sunrise
include_file: card ancients from beyond
include_file: card cosmic incarnation
include_file: card marshland birth
include_file: card demon
include_file: card construct
include_file: card warlock
include_file: card plains
include_file: card island
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card forest
include_file: card treasure
include_file: card lantern function
keyword:
	keyword: Uncover
	match: Uncover <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: {param1}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield, except it’s an enchantment and loses all other card types. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield. Uncover only as a sorcery.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Cosmolize
	match: Cosmolize
	reminder: When {this_or_that("permanent")} enters, conjure a duplicate of it into your sanctum, except it’s an enchantment and doesn’t have cosmolize.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Funcions
	match: Create a function token
	reminder: It's an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Funcions
	match: Create <atom-param>english_number</atom-param> function tokens
	reminder: They’re enchantments. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Draft
	match: Draft a card from your <atom-param>one_word</atom-param>
	reminder: Look at three random cards from your {param1}. Put one into your hand.
	rules: Choose three cards at random from your {param1}. Put one into your hand.
	mode: custom
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
