mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered-plus
stylesheet_version: 2020-09-04
set_info:
	title: Dazon: Splintered Worlds
	description:
		Archetypes/themes<soft-line>
		</soft-line>UBR: Spellslinger
		IGU: Revelations Ramp
		IWU: Avatar kindred
		IBR: Sacrifice/Decayed
		RGW: Go wide
		WBG: Counters
	set_code: DSW
	set_language: 
	masterpiece_set_code: SPG
	symbol: symbol11.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
	CARDNAME_replacement: card's type
	use_gradient_multicolor: yes
	card_number_style: 001/099
	custom_super_types: 
	custom_creature_races: Anima, Revelation, XXX, 
	custom_mana_symbol_name: MyrCustoms/Vertex.png
	mana_symbol_options: enable in casting costs, enable in text boxes, colored mana symbols
styling:
	magic-booster:
		title_color: rgb(255,255,255)
		card_count_color: rgb(255,255,255)
		age_color: rgb(255,255,255)
		text_texture_mode: off
		main_title_placement: 
		sub_title_placement: ,845
		card_count_placement: 
		age_placement: 
	magic-m15-adventure:
		chop_adventure: 0,5
		shrink_name_text: 0,1.3
		frames: Reversed
		auto_frames: nyx, vehicle, snow, universes beyond
		other_options: 
		left_style: name and type page
		right_style: blank page
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered-plus:
		chop_top: 4
		chop_bottom: 4
		custom_symbol: MyrCustoms/ithLarge.png
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
	magic-m15-champions-test:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc-plus:
		official_frames: 
		altered_plus_frames: 
		auto_frames: vehicles, snow, class, case, sagas, planeswalkers, nyx crowns, star crowns, space crowns
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-paradox:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-saga-creatures:
		overlay: 
		casting_cost_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
	magic-new:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-new-purple:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
include_file: card sunrise caller
include_file: card fallen warden
include_file: card traveler of lost planes
include_file: card naroz path-traveler
include_file: card extraplanar cleanser
include_file: card pathwalker
include_file: card fractured avatar
include_file: card ruptured cetacean
include_file: card avatar of the door
include_file: card the arbiters wisp
include_file: card kala reaper
include_file: card ghost of beyas fallen
include_file: card eternal keeper
include_file: card eye of naroz
include_file: card fly across peaceful skies
include_file: card to be named
include_file: card unlock empty doors
include_file: card toname baru
include_file: card starbeam
include_file: card new realms
include_file: card chromatic splinters
include_file: card warden of the celestial tree
include_file: card icefall soothsayer
include_file: card najari ascendant
include_file: card extraplanar seeker
include_file: card ikan lookout
include_file: card najari pathshaper
include_file: card cosmic aven
include_file: card stillwater sentry
include_file: card najari companion
include_file: card to be named.1
include_file: card eternal watcher
include_file: card misrendering
include_file: card splinter new worlds
include_file: card grasp of the arbiter
include_file: card corruption glitch
include_file: card rise from eternity
include_file: card otherwordly sensation
include_file: card witness fallen oracles
include_file: card spiritual departure
include_file: card amalgamate memories
include_file: card overwhelming existence
include_file: card the arbiters fallen
include_file: card lightwoven ghast
include_file: card recycled ikani
include_file: card infused warrior
include_file: card depthslighter
include_file: card avatar of untold horrors
include_file: card najari shaper
include_file: card doorwatcher
include_file: card otherworldy starbringer
include_file: card p
include_file: card vision from beyond
include_file: card eternal wanderer
include_file: card corrupted conviction
include_file: card transcend mortality
include_file: card drain spiritual realms
include_file: card embrace eternity
include_file: card trianglify
include_file: card allocate memory
include_file: card corrupted withering
include_file: card convergence of paths
include_file: card freed from eternity
include_file: card savan ascendant
include_file: card najari bloodseeker
include_file: card extraplanar existence
include_file: card kalan processor
include_file: card cosmos caller
include_file: card rage from beyond
include_file: card ikan explorer
include_file: card stormborn flamebringer
include_file: card yuku dune-prowler
include_file: card the arbiters pathlighter
include_file: card kara mountain guardian
include_file: card eternal flamebearer
include_file: card perpetual ricochet
include_file: card render worlds
include_file: card shatter eternity
include_file: card path acceleration
include_file: card comsumed memories
include_file: card hurled flamestone
include_file: card forge chromatic fire
include_file: card kalan crystal spear
include_file: card kalan sunbeam
include_file: card venturing fox
include_file: card xxx uncoverer
include_file: card cg03
include_file: card ghostly wanderer
include_file: card arisen avatar
include_file: card beya woodswalker
include_file: card thickets incarnation
include_file: card deepgrowth xxxx
include_file: card no-name
include_file: card cg10 medium creature
include_file: card cg11 medium creature
include_file: card cg12 large creature
include_file: card eternal blossomer
include_file: card snakeskin veil
include_file: card cg15 noncreature
include_file: card cg16 noncreature
include_file: card cg17 noncreature
include_file: card cg18 noncreature
include_file: card cg19 noncreature
include_file: card gatu darkhammer
include_file: card devour earthly worlds
include_file: card ca01 small creature
include_file: card ca02 medium creature
include_file: card eternal engine
include_file: card ca04 noncreature
include_file: card ca05 noncreature
include_file: card ca06 noncreature
include_file: card rl01 noncreature
include_file: card cl02 noncreature
include_file: card cl03 noncreature
include_file: card cl04 noncreature
include_file: card cl05 noncreature
include_file: card cl06 noncreature
include_file: card cl07 noncreature
include_file: card cl08 noncreature
include_file: card cl09 noncreature
include_file: card cl10 noncreature
include_file: card cl11 noncreature
include_file: card cl12 noncreature
include_file: card cl13 noncreature
include_file: card cl14 noncreature
include_file: card cl15 noncreature
include_file: card uw01 small creature
include_file: card uw02 small creature
include_file: card uw03 small creature
include_file: card uw04 small creature
include_file: card uw05 small creature
include_file: card uw06 medium creature
include_file: card uw07 medium creature
include_file: card uw08 medium creature
include_file: card uw09 noncreature
include_file: card uw10 noncreature
include_file: card uw11 noncreature
include_file: card uw12 noncreature
include_file: card uw13 noncreature
include_file: card uu01 small creature
include_file: card uu02 small creature
include_file: card uu03 small creature
include_file: card uu04 small creature
include_file: card uu05 small creature
include_file: card uu06 small creature
include_file: card uu07 noncreature
include_file: card uu08 noncreature
include_file: card uu09 noncreature
include_file: card uu10 noncreature
include_file: card uu11 noncreature
include_file: card uu12 noncreature
include_file: card uu13 noncreature
include_file: card ub01 small creature
include_file: card ub02 small creature
include_file: card ub03 medium creature
include_file: card ub04 medium creature
include_file: card ub05 medium creature
include_file: card ub06 medium creature
include_file: card ub07 noncreature
include_file: card ub08 noncreature
include_file: card ub09 noncreature
include_file: card ub10 noncreature
include_file: card ub11 noncreature
include_file: card ub12 noncreature
include_file: card ub13 noncreature
include_file: card ur01 small creature
include_file: card ur02 small creature
include_file: card ur03 small creature
include_file: card ur04 medium creature
include_file: card ur05 medium creature
include_file: card ur06 medium creature
include_file: card ur07 medium creature
include_file: card ur08 noncreature
include_file: card ur09 noncreature
include_file: card ur10 noncreature
include_file: card ur11 noncreature
include_file: card ur12 noncreature
include_file: card ur13 noncreature
include_file: card ug01 small creature
include_file: card ug02 small creature
include_file: card ug03 small creature
include_file: card ug04 small creature
include_file: card ug05 medium creature
include_file: card ug06 medium creature
include_file: card ug07 medium creature
include_file: card ug08 large creature
include_file: card ug09 noncreature
include_file: card ug10 noncreature
include_file: card ug11 noncreature
include_file: card ug12 noncreature
include_file: card ug13 noncreature
include_file: card rw01 small creature
include_file: card rw02 small creature
include_file: card rw03 medium creature
include_file: card rw04 medium creature
include_file: card rw05 medium creature
include_file: card rw06 medium creature
include_file: card rw07 medium creature
include_file: card rw08 noncreature
include_file: card rw09 noncreature
include_file: card rw10 noncreature
include_file: card ru01 small creature
include_file: card ru02 small creature
include_file: card ru03 small creature
include_file: card ru04 medium creature
include_file: card ru05 medium creature
include_file: card ru06 large creature
include_file: card ru07 noncreature
include_file: card ru08 noncreature
include_file: card ru09 noncreature
include_file: card ru10 noncreature
include_file: card rb01 small creature
include_file: card rb02 medium creature
include_file: card rb03 medium creature
include_file: card rb04 medium creature
include_file: card rb05 medium creature
include_file: card rb06 large creature
include_file: card rb07 noncreature
include_file: card rb08 noncreature
include_file: card rb09 noncreature
include_file: card rr01 small creature
include_file: card rr02 small creature
include_file: card rr03 medium creature
include_file: card rr04 medium creature
include_file: card rr05 large creature
include_file: card rr06 noncreature
include_file: card rr07 noncreature
include_file: card rr08 noncreature
include_file: card rr09 noncreature
include_file: card rr10 noncreature
include_file: card rg01 medium creature
include_file: card rg02 medium creature
include_file: card rg03 large creature
include_file: card rg04 large creature
include_file: card rg05 large creature
include_file: card rg06 noncreature
include_file: card rg07 noncreature
include_file: card rg08 noncreature
include_file: card rg09 noncreature
include_file: card rg10 noncreature
include_file: card rm01 small creature
include_file: card rm02 small creature
include_file: card rm03 medium creature
include_file: card rm04 medium creature
include_file: card rm05 medium creature
include_file: card rm06 medium creature
include_file: card rm07 medium creature
include_file: card rm08 medium creature
include_file: card rm09 medium creature
include_file: card rm10 large creature
include_file: card rm11 large creature
include_file: card rm12 large creature
include_file: card rm13 large creature
include_file: card rm14 noncreature
include_file: card rm15 noncreature
include_file: card ra01 noncreature
include_file: card mw01 small creature
include_file: card mw02 small creature
include_file: card mw03 medium creature
include_file: card mu01 large creature
include_file: card mb01 large creature
include_file: card mb02 noncreature
include_file: card mr01 medium creature
include_file: card mr02 noncreature
include_file: card mr03 noncreature
include_file: card mg01 large creature
include_file: card mg02 noncreature
include_file: card mg03 noncreature
include_file: card mm01 small creature
include_file: card mm02 medium creature
include_file: card mm03 medium creature
include_file: card mm04 medium creature
include_file: card mm05 large creature
include_file: card mm06 large creature
include_file: card tomb of forgotten worlds
include_file: card mx01 noncreature
include_file: card ci01 small creature
include_file: card ci02 small creature
include_file: card ci03 small creature
include_file: card ci04 small creature
include_file: card ci05 small creature
include_file: card ci06 small creature
include_file: card ci07 small creature
include_file: card ci08 celestial tree
include_file: card ci09 small creature
include_file: card ci11 medium creature
include_file: card ci10 medium creature
include_file: card eternal warrior
include_file: card ci14 noncreature
include_file: card ci15 noncreature
include_file: card moonlight charm
include_file: card ci17 noncreature
include_file: card ci19 noncreature
include_file: card ci20 noncreature
include_file: card ci21 noncreature
include_file: card vertex reminder
include_file: card archetypesthemes
include_file: card realmgrasper
include_file: card um02 arcun
include_file: card um03 arcun
include_file: card um04 arcun
include_file: card um05 arcun
include_file: card um06 arcun
include_file: card ui01 small creature
include_file: card ui02 small creature
include_file: card ui03 small creature
include_file: card ui04 small creature
include_file: card ui05 small creature
include_file: card ui06 small creature
include_file: card ui07 noncreature
include_file: card u08 noncreature
include_file: card ui09 noncreature
include_file: card ui10 noncreature
include_file: card ui11 noncreature
include_file: card ui12 noncreature
include_file: card ui13 noncreature
include_file: card mu01 small creature
include_file: card mu01 large creature.1
include_file: card ri01 small creature
include_file: card ri02 small creature
include_file: card ri03 small creature
include_file: card ri04 medium creature
include_file: card ri05 medium creature
include_file: card ri06 large creature
include_file: card ri07 noncreature
include_file: card ri08 noncreature
include_file: card ri09 noncreature
include_file: card ri10 noncreature
include_file: card ci13 noncreature
include_file: card spatial refractions
include_file: card booster pack
include_file: card rl01 noncreature.1
include_file: card rl02 noncreature
include_file: card rl03 noncreature
include_file: card rl04 noncreature
include_file: card rl05 noncreature
include_file: card rl06 noncreature
include_file: card rl07 noncreature
include_file: card rl08 noncreature
include_file: card rl09 noncreature
include_file: card rl10 noncreature
include_file: card rl11 noncreature
include_file: card rl12 noncreature
include_file: card rl13 noncreature
include_file: card rl14 noncreature
include_file: card rl15 noncreature
keyword:
	keyword: Infuse
	match: Infuse
	reminder: When you cast a noncreature spell, if this creature doesn’t have a +1/+1 counter on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: InfuseN
	match: Infuse <atom-param>number</atom-param>
	reminder: When you cast a noncreature spell, if this creature doesn’t have a +1/+1 counter on it, put {english_number(param1)} +1/+1 counter on it.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Depart
	match: Depart <atom-param>number</atom-param>
	reminder: You may cast this card from your sanctum by exiling an Avatar permanent you control with power {param1} or greater.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Realize
	match: Realize <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: Then if you cast this spell for its realize cost, put it onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Depart1
	match: Depart
	reminder: You may cast this card from your sanctum by exiling an Avatar you control.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Vertex
	match: you get
	reminder: Spend [V] to cast copies of Vertex spells.
	rules: designer by myr
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Vertex
	match: you may get
	reminder: Spend [V] to cast copies of Vertex spells.
	rules: designer by Myr
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Sanctify
	match: sanctify
	reminder: Put it into it’s owner’s sanctum.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: MECHANICNAME
	match: mechanicname
	reminder: Create a trace of a [6] 4/4 colorless Avatar creature into your hand with "When this creature enters, create a trace of CARDNAME, then cast it without paying its mana cost."
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Healing
	match: Healing <atom-param>number</atom-param>
	reminder: Damage dealt by this {if has_pt() then "creature" else "permanent"} also causes you to gain {param1} life.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
